Gwenevere Abriel: Bethany.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's checked in.
Gwenevere Abriel: She says,
Gwenevere Abriel: standstill trees ahead pushes beside you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are not lost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wherever you are. It's called here and you must treat it as a powerful stranger.
Gwenevere Abriel: must ask permission to know it and be known, the forest breeds, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: It answers.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have made this place around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you leave it. He may come back again saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: No two trees are the same to Raven.
Gwenevere Abriel: No two branches of the same to run
Gwenevere Abriel: If what a tree or bush does
Gwenevere Abriel: His thoughts, last I knew
Gwenevere Abriel: Your surely last
Gwenevere Abriel: Stand still.
Gwenevere Abriel: The forest knows where you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: He must let me find you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's up,
Gwenevere Abriel: yak, yak, yak, yak, yak.
Bethany Shadid: Today, the 12
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright. So formally, hi.
Bethany Shadid: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just really, really wanting to
Gwenevere Abriel: Really be here for you. Not sure if you're in a high stress moment or kind of chill or kind of where yeah
Bethany Shadid: I will. I like to tell you
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: You know, I've been feeling a little guilty because I'm a nurse and I'm not working right now, but it's been a real blessing.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: And I've needed the time. So I've been able to, you know, let go of that.
Bethany Shadid: It was Mother's Day.
Bethany Shadid: Happy Mother's Day, by the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I had recommended that my mom and us go to my church on Sunday, they were putting on a
Bethany Shadid: A drive in service and they have my church is big, so they can do all this stuff. A smaller church can't but they have a radio station and
Bethany Shadid: So what we what the thing was is a big drive in and they had big screens up so you could see
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I recommended to them that we go to that for Mother's Day.
Bethany Shadid: And everybody would stay in their cars, you know, for the precautions.
Bethany Shadid: And it at first they were like, no, come out to the house, you know, and I was like, anxious about that.
Bethany Shadid: But they ended up a green. So I think it went a lot better than it could have gone
Bethany Shadid: Got her flowers and and AWFUL BIG PART OF THE WHOLE driving thing was decorating your car.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, and whoever had like they had a contest. So if you had if you won your mom would get like a spa package or something like that. So it was, well, how to fun and
Bethany Shadid: And they even had if you put your hazard lights on somebody would come around to your car and they were selling donuts and coffee. So yeah, it made it a lot less
Bethany Shadid: Tense than it could have been, and I knew that I wasn't in a good place to just be cooped up alone with them.
Mm hmm.
Bethany Shadid: So, so that so it went well. And there were no issues there. Which is good and
Bethany Shadid: But I
Bethany Shadid: Have been having a lot of
Bethany Shadid: emotional ups and downs, I'm kinda like we talked about. And so I told I disclosed kind of what I'm going through with my friend Stacy.
Bethany Shadid: And told her that I felt like I needed to tell somebody because I am isolated. What is going on with me.
Bethany Shadid: And told her how I had not made the connection of the
Bethany Shadid: zoning out like falling asleep as being, you know, connected to the abuse and what my brain does or did to protect myself at that age and
Bethany Shadid: It's just really ringing really true with me. The more I think about
Bethany Shadid: Just situations in the past and how I've dealt with them or things that happened.
Bethany Shadid: And I, I almost, you know,
Bethany Shadid: I almost feel like the avoidance is so tied into it to like
Bethany Shadid: The mental
Bethany Shadid: Checking out either physically avoiding emotionally avoiding you know existence of what all of that is very, very true for me and
Bethany Shadid: How I do think this is an area that needs to
Bethany Shadid: Need to go through it.
Because
Bethany Shadid: Definitely
Bethany Shadid: Coming up in a big way for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have our notes up from the previous week and
Gwenevere Abriel: One, there's a, there's a lot of content to it, but the piece that I my eyes just caught just now we're right at the latter.
Gwenevere Abriel: latter half of the meeting. And can I read a little bit to you to bring us back to where we left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, good. And, and then we'll take it from there. Both what you just said like there's some really big important things going on. And let's see if it's the same as what we were starting to dip into
Gwenevere Abriel: So this isn't verbatim. This is through the transcription. But they, they do a fair job or she does.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of the memories.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was not the physical act of what he was doing. He was waking up in places and feeling very unsettled when it comes up, but it stays for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is linked to everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last week I did not plan on going that route just it just came out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been told I have PTSD. I think it's triggered when it is at the forefront of what's going on. It affects me now. My sister is old enough to remember and family, no longer denying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we might note says psycho education on attachment focus and Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so then I probably remember what kind of said hey you're bringing this up in a sense. I'm wondering if there's still work to be done around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think you basically said, Yeah, I'm open and. Is that what I'm hearing again like you're seeing some immobilization zoning out checking out and avoidance might be associated with a very old coping mechanism of survival. It was established a long time ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bethany Shadid: And. And to be honest, I've done a lot of thinking about how that
Bethany Shadid: Is present in my current life and
Bethany Shadid: Sleep has been such a
Bethany Shadid: Weird
Bethany Shadid: Weird relationship for me. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about
It.
Bethany Shadid: I almost like resist.
Bethany Shadid: Getting too much sleep. It almost feels like I'm
Bethany Shadid: Like, I feel very unproductive I come down on myself negatively. If I oversleep or
Bethany Shadid: Spend
Bethany Shadid: A lot of time sleeping. It's this shame thing.
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: It for as long as I can remember.
Bethany Shadid: Whenever somebody has caught me like dozing off or if I fall asleep during the movie or something. If I'm with somebody else and and they're like, Hey, you know, they wake me up. The first thing I do is lie.
Bethany Shadid: And I've been told. I've talked to past
Bethany Shadid: People that I've been in relationships with almost as a warning and I've told them in the past that.
Bethany Shadid: Don't take it personally, but my first reaction when I wake up.
Bethany Shadid: Is to deny that I was sleeping.
Hmm.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: If I with some somebody like in a relationship or something. Um,
Bethany Shadid: And I, I do wake up or they wake me up that way. And I'm like, denying it. No, I was just, I just had my eyes closed, or you know whatever it was, I kind of am angry. That anger. There's anger, frustration, I'm
Bethany Shadid: And depending on you know how that situation is dealt with, I can be like really emotionally charged that day because of it.
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad your voice has been trembling, since you got in here. Can you tell me what what's what's happening in there, what's what's happening in your body right there.
Bethany Shadid: I think it's apprehension.
Bethany Shadid: This is stuff that I
Bethany Shadid: Haven't
Bethany Shadid: dealt with in a while and
Bethany Shadid: I guess there's some fear and anxiety. And so, as much as I'm willing to get into it. You know, I know that there's so much
Bethany Shadid: To it and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me offer some reassurance.
Gwenevere Abriel: The work I want to do with you, does not ask you to get into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It asks you don't have to tell me the stories. That's what's so unique about the CMDR is you'll hear me invite you to remember the hard work is on you. It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you don't want to retell it, you don't have to. That's what's different about this, you can hold it there and your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: You decide the level of comfort you are with which piece of it. My Invitations are very much the same. What's the worst part of that image and then you hold it there. But you don't have to actually tell me
Bethany Shadid: And that honestly isn't a problem for me, I guess, if that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so tell me
Bethany Shadid: About the specifics
Bethany Shadid: isn't necessarily the issue. Um, it's
Bethany Shadid: A level of Enos, that I feel that and distress, which I've never done the distress, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Rating stuff before while I'm doing this, it's just kind of a
Bethany Shadid: Okay, this is so big.
Bethany Shadid: I don't know what to do, right, check out
Bethany Shadid: Right, yeah.
Bethany Shadid: So it's knowing that it's, it, it's a trigger. Not so much going
Bethany Shadid: Into details.
Bethany Shadid: That is
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's talk a little bit about what you have that you didn't have before. Okay, so let's remind the mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you have that you didn't have okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go over some just so we can approach this with the fact that when you were doing this work before. Did you have a sense of your anchor room. Did you have a sense of an anchor room in a safe place before
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What we will make sure to do is we've anchor. I'm sorry, install this safe place more and more and more will make sure that you're weaving in as much as you need your holy trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, having this imagery. I'm assuming. Anyway, that this precision and having this imagery of protection nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was not as solidified when you did this work before
No.
Bethany Shadid: Actually
Bethany Shadid: It was primarily the opposite. It was the work that I did was talking about the specifics and ins and outs and not
Bethany Shadid: The what what we're what we've done.
Bethany Shadid: Five elite on
Bethany Shadid: Their side. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that works. That works also they there's no one set way for some people, that is the
Gwenevere Abriel: retelling is there's an approach. It's an exposure therapy. This is a kind of exposure therapy, but it's less intense because you're not telling it and we're including these images. And as you know, working with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's let's keep let's keep mentioning this when you were working with this other clinician. Was she or he continuously saying check in with your body and see what level of distress, are you at, because right
That was
Bethany Shadid: One of the big things I learned at that time is that I hold my breath.
Bethany Shadid: Without knowing it. We're not. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we see it a little bit when we're doing iterations, you'll hear me say things like, don't forget to breathe. Keep breathing right so that's already kind of in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the part that I wanted. I wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: The piece I want to mention to you is, and you can push back. If it's not true, then say, No, that's still not there for me. Don't let
Gwenevere Abriel: Me bulldoze. Make sure your it's your, your truth. So this somatic awareness of this red core right this heat
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounded like it was new. This new awareness that it is a sign that something that there's a threat response going on something important is happening right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have that awareness before we okay so notice another one. Okay, so there's body awareness. We know about the HOLDING BREATH. But we have more where you have more skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to what you do. And there's more to it. But let's let's tether back to your original concern which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I heard you say that any I'm concerned that this is so big. I'm afraid I'll check out
Bethany Shadid: Or yeah, just being afraid of the
Bethany Shadid: emotional toll. I don't like
Bethany Shadid: Feeling yeah
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel most of the time.
Bethany Shadid: Honestly, most of the time, I will distract it
Bethany Shadid: Okay. Um, but, you know,
Bethany Shadid: I know I have done a lot of work consciously and unconsciously to avoid
Bethany Shadid: You know having to
Bethany Shadid: Think about that stuff. But now I
Bethany Shadid: I know in order
Bethany Shadid: To work through this
Bethany Shadid: That's part of their
Gwenevere Abriel: But Bethany, do you know that you're still, you're still the lead, you're the lead, which means this came into conversation because your mind brought it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because I said I want you to think about, blah, blah, blah. I didn't do that. You brought it here. So you get to continue to do that if it turns out when I say something like, well, let's Bridget back to the earliest experience of that feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say a feeling bad or whatever the thing is. And you Bridget back to some dynamic with your mom or your dad or your sister. I'm not going to reject it and say, Don't go there. You can you still get to decide what
Gwenevere Abriel: To content is that you want to pull into your awareness and you want to have some reprocessing around you still get to take the lead here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean you know what you and I have started a new therapy and the only thing we're going to talk about is this thing. We're going to hack away at it. That is definitely not what I want for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same way we were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or if we were flowing with what came up
Bethany Shadid: Which is why you know this has to be on the table because it comes up.
Bethany Shadid: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just a little feedback.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, more times than not how, what's the emotion that is predominantly present in therapy when you're showing up with me. What's the predominant motion.
Bethany Shadid: Probably anxiety.
Think so.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I would say it first.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, that's usually, you know, I don't feel like I leave that way. But yeah.
Bethany Shadid: It's knowing you know i'm not avoiding this or I'm not avoiding you know this is
Bethany Shadid: Dedicated to working on this stuff, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's let's take that bit of information and add it
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's also say that much like scheduled worry time which is a specific intervention which means you literally schedule a time to completely like obsess over all of the words she don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Get to leak and do it any other time throughout the day when it's intrusive and a nightmare wants to wake you up, but wants to get your ruminating you write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's very precise intervention. I don't know that we, you and I have ever done it together, but have with some people. So, but notice that it's dedicated
Gwenevere Abriel: That's kind of neat about this is you can use that same philosophy which is we'll put
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever you don't want to work on in the container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lock it up. We'll put it in there. Will compartmentalize will say, not now. Now for some people. Right. The not now is not today. Satan
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. It's cute. It's funny, I don't wanna I'll do it in a dedicated safe environment with one of your I'll do with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I don't have to be hacking away at this all day, every day I can use my regular distraction techniques and I can live my life. I don't have to be processing it all the time. I can do it in a dedicated sort of contained Safeway.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, that might. I think that's part of the apprehension, is that a lot of
Bethany Shadid: I do reflect so much during my, you know, regular day to day
Bethany Shadid: Life and
Bethany Shadid: It does overflow in ways where I mean I know that I'm in control, but for so much of my life. I felt out of control when it comes to my emotional
Bethany Shadid: States my
Bethany Shadid: Thoughts and feelings and
Bethany Shadid: Like you've been brought up like the nightmares. Like, I started having eight years ago and
Bethany Shadid: About stuff. And so it's that that
Bethany Shadid: I think getting into this is that feeling of being out of control, which is very hard for me that's not easy.
Bethany Shadid: Like I'm either in control, or I'm avoiding
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, those that's useful. I mean, they're in control or I've got to avoid
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so how can you do where you feel comfortable where you're in control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of our dedicated time. See if we can put those two things together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Control and and really started just dedicated in here, so I won't be asking you to process it. Your, your unconscious mind will probably do it, it'll want to settle in to a narrative.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this isn't going to last forever. This is it can be intense and you and I can back away from this, you know, I could just do dream analysis for a while. I'm not. I am really flexible.
Bethany Shadid: No, I appreciate it.
Bethany Shadid: I you know that made me think of something
Bethany Shadid: On the tip of my tongue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Control.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, I'm the
Bethany Shadid: Constants suffer mentality.
Bethany Shadid: Is tied into it, Rumi said this is not going to last forever.
Bethany Shadid: I don't think I
Bethany Shadid: You like naturally. Oh, this is temporary.
Bethany Shadid: I think when I go into something I'm preparing myself or
Bethany Shadid: Ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry.
Bethany Shadid: Part of that is like my chronic
Bethany Shadid: Pain issues.
Bethany Shadid: Like a
Bethany Shadid: I think
Bethany Shadid: For a while now in my life, it's kind of been like one big crisis after another.
Bethany Shadid: And so it's like
Bethany Shadid: This resolution to
Bethany Shadid: Be in a constant state of
Bethany Shadid: self sacrifice and suffering.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, so I think that's tied to it as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's an expectancy piece which is if I have been to this history of that feeling those feelings and it'll last forever. And even though you can know that rational there it is done, the less
Bethany Shadid: You know, I don't think I've ever been able to
Bethany Shadid: verbalize that but, you know, as we talked about, I'm like, yeah, like you said, this is only temporary. You know, like
Bethany Shadid: I never like logically thought about it that way or other struggles, and I think that that plays into the whole anxiety thing to to how I go from zero to 10
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: How do you say
Bethany Shadid: Not only do I go from zero to 10 but I you know I have this feeling of it was just gonna stay there.
Bethany Shadid: I don't know.
Bethany Shadid: Well, I'm talking to. I'm working it out in my head. I haven't really bad. Sure. I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: You. Let's do some somatic transformation part Bethany wants you to really, this might be uncomfortable and you can break with eye contact when when you want to, but I want you to actually do
Gwenevere Abriel: Have an attunement with how you're feeling right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: By also sitting with me. Now, if you were in the same space. This would come a lot more naturally because when you're sitting with someone, most of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We make eye contact and we maybe we'll look out the window or look at some piece of furniture that will come back here and I would have a better read of your comfort level, but I want you to see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: With
Gwenevere Abriel: That trembling voice with how you're feeling right now when you are just hold on to your gaze with me. Just a little bit just sort of lets you and I connect
Gwenevere Abriel: You can look at me and I'm going to create this opportunity for eye contact for us. And I just want you to sort of be there with it, just see what comes up. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just find the breath.
Bethany Shadid: It's very hard to look at somebody.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you noticing that it's difficult and your. Are you noticing you're wanting to find kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of digit a little bit
Bethany Shadid: I actually did something similar with a counselor.
Bethany Shadid: And it was so uncomfortable.
Bethany Shadid: That
Bethany Shadid: I didn't understand why it was so uncomfortable, you know, like silence is hard, you know,
Bethany Shadid: I know that it
Bethany Shadid: At the time, played into like
Bethany Shadid: Just being okay with myself in the moment and
Bethany Shadid: Not feeling like I had to fill the space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do this motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: With me
Gwenevere Abriel: Do this really slowly. We're going to do it together. It's this now, it's hard to see me, but you just did this thing like this, I want you to find your own, nice and slow down motion of its
Gwenevere Abriel: Being
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK. OK. Now the way you're saying it isn't as important as this hand motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get get in touch with being okay
Gwenevere Abriel: With taking it. That was a really sort of we weren't even doing. He didn't even know you did it probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Which he did being OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice if you want to bring the hand closer to the body. Notice if you want to make any adjustments to it. You want to bring it in a little bit. Being. Okay, a little bit closer and being okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And bring bring gaze back to me intermittently where you want to just experiment with whether you can be okay okay right hand to the chest. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: A slow, you could start are not another word, and it would be just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be
Gwenevere Abriel: This longing to want to pat
Gwenevere Abriel: Pat and and i want I'm wanting to rock a little bit. And that's what's happening for me.
Bethany Shadid: It's
Bethany Shadid: I think
Bethany Shadid: It's unsettling to how
Bethany Shadid: Difficult it is to just be okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have what it takes, with the presence of the Holy Trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be unsettled a little longer, and to watch the unsettled together and all we're going to do is just watch
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe settled as a number, right, and we'll use that have a number and we'll just watch it and see what happens when you when you move into contact with me intermittently just sort of swing by and see if I'm here, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to the unsettled. I'm okay isn't quite settled completely
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're we're holding on to it, not running away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's what's happening right now. So we're we're paying attention to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not gonna move away. We're just gonna stay here with it.
Bethany Shadid: Better
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where did you notice this happen.
Bethany Shadid: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice that feeling better happened where how do you know for sure in the body, you're feeling better.
Bethany Shadid: With every big deep breath.
Bethany Shadid: Breathing and how
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice in here between us, did you have anything, any thoughts, the past by any awareness.
Bethany Shadid: How difficult it was to feel it, let alone be with somebody else and feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: By the song, let's just work with that piece. See if you can actually communicate that first person to me it's risky.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it'll be not talking about but she'll tell me directly. What is it like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the just telling me when it's this or just try that on
Bethany Shadid: You know, it's a real hearing of vulnerability and insecurity.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me what you think. And don't don't worry about the rational irrational. Just let that first thing come up
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the fear trying to tell you that will that I will do, or a promise I will break or something. Something's going to happen in here that vulnerability is at risk of what, tell me what you think might happen when you might or something like that.
Bethany Shadid: I think it's
Bethany Shadid: How you view.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so do that again when I'm afraid you will
Bethany Shadid: Remember, free to you will see me the same way.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: The trust and the belief is hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see if you can tell me what you're talking about. Explain that trust and belief to me. I know it's uncomfortable. So just rock and take care of yourself.
Bethany Shadid: Right, don't fully understand
Bethany Shadid: Connection.
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Bethany Shadid: The vulnerability
Bethany Shadid: Is tied to not be believed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yes.
Bethany Shadid: Sense of like
Editing
Bethany Shadid: Wanting to edit.
Bethany Shadid: Yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see if you can make a little bit more contact with that and to see if you can look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And feel that truth. Let's see if you can hold on and nurture and keep safe protect the self that vulnerability. Just make sure it's in that that imagery. You did that beautiful drawing and just have it there being held by Jesus just held that vulnerability just
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect love
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: Have a hard time being overwhelmed with myself, let alone. Somebody else
Gwenevere Abriel: And the fear is that I
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe you
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I don't think conscious thought that, but
Bethany Shadid: I think
Bethany Shadid: I'm seeing how
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: edit myself to be
Bethany Shadid: palatable to others that mean I can
Bethany Shadid: I can even handle
Bethany Shadid: My own
Bethany Shadid: Emotions, let alone being present with somebody else and
Bethany Shadid: being vulnerable.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So take that and see, see if you can say that directly
Gwenevere Abriel: To me not talking about it, but in the moment, if I do this with you when and see what comes out as much as you can find I can scoot back a little bit. So the contacts, not quite as intense
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can find a first person conversation directly to me not philosophizing but staying in the moment. And you can always eat slowly you can stop yourself but something transformative might happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do all the care get first get in touch with with the beautiful imagery of perfect safety wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And nurturing and its perfection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with its existence.
Bethany Shadid: I am
Bethany Shadid: So afraid that being vulnerable with you.
Bethany Shadid: Well,
Bethany Shadid: That it's too much that it
Bethany Shadid: will overwhelm somebody else it overwhelms me
Gwenevere Abriel: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said somebody else. What about me.
You
Bethany Shadid: I was thinking of a friend.
Bethany Shadid: Gordon. I'm
Bethany Shadid: It's very difficult for me to be vulnerable like this with anybody else.
Bethany Shadid: And I'm afraid of what that
Bethany Shadid: Or the feeling
Bethany Shadid: I felt is being that way.
Bethany Shadid: Where somebody else will.
Bethany Shadid: Change their view of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about me stay here with me. We'll go into everybody else, but we've got us to try
Gwenevere Abriel: It with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know our language wants to go outside where it's comfortable but hang in there for
Bethany Shadid: Me. I didn't even realize I was doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Great.
Bethany Shadid: I'm afraid it will take your view that
Bethany Shadid: Will
Bethany Shadid: negatively impact you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will taint my opinion of you and it will negatively impact me if you are completely vulnerable and all of that is present all of the emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will negatively impact me
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a sense that you're protecting you. And you're protecting me and you're protecting me from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that like
Gwenevere Abriel: And in therapy, you're protecting me
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that like even now.
Bethany Shadid: It's saying
Bethany Shadid: It's the feeling of just being too much.
Bethany Shadid: Too much
Gwenevere Abriel: The sense that you believe you're too much for you and they you'll be too much for me.
Bethany Shadid: Like, honestly.
Bethany Shadid: Know you know that God is real, we want
Bethany Shadid: I can put all that in
Bethany Shadid: Can really handle it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, stay, stay with this piece. Notice what your hands just did. Let's do that together, nice and slow. I want to feel what it feels like to do that. Nice and slow. And I'm thinking to myself,
Gwenevere Abriel: That God is the only entity that I can put all of that and what's what's in the arms of what's in here.
Bethany Shadid: To bring it over.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you giving over what do you give
Bethany Shadid: Myself my
Bethany Shadid: Worry stress.
Bethany Shadid: already knows everything, you know, I don't have to
Bethany Shadid: Explain.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, you are a human, you're on this planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're wired.
Gwenevere Abriel: To heal into personally it's the way were made.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so just imagine, am I a part of God's plan, am I here. Can I hold is there checking out you could you could ask me something or test me and see if I could hold more than what you expected because you test me and find out and see if I'm worthy.
Bethany Shadid: You know, until today. I don't think I
Bethany Shadid: Consciously
Bethany Shadid: Saw any of this.
Bethany Shadid: Like
Bethany Shadid: I've always
Bethany Shadid: Been afraid to share things
Bethany Shadid: Now, so I don't know that I
Bethany Shadid: Know what I would do to test me that
Bethany Shadid: You
Bethany Shadid: Kind of represent not just yourself.
Bethany Shadid: But you know anybody in general and you understand more.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: More so I see it relating to a friend or a relative or somebody like
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm closer to another flesh person. I'm not like God. So I might do.
Gwenevere Abriel: With all of your emotions. What might I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Try telling me. See if you can do it. See if you can tell me, and you could check it out. You could turn it into a question or a statement, whatever feels feels right for you.
Bethany Shadid: I'm so afraid I don't know what you would do.
Bethany Shadid: Okay. But in my mind.
Bethany Shadid: I was afraid to even trusting you
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I might
Bethany Shadid: I
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the worst thing I could do to you if you were to be vulnerable with me. What's the worst scariest thing.
Bethany Shadid: We've
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me that
Bethany Shadid: I'm afraid that beam right like complete true vulnerable with you.
Bethany Shadid: With lead to
Bethany Shadid: Less
Bethany Shadid: Partying.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your body doing turn
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing I noticed for both sort of rocking and we're doing some self soothing right so you're making contact with an actual person you're talking to me. We're not philosophizing and it can feel a lot more intense.
Bethany Shadid: Just saying that last part was just hard to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I might if you if you tell me the truth. If you are the truth. If you come at a full tilt, I might abandon you.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Really
Bethany Shadid: What is the most dramatic emotional times in my life was after
Bethany Shadid: Doing traveling or seen with a friend.
Bethany Shadid: I had been
Bethany Shadid: Really open her
Bethany Shadid: We had been on the road for a year to have and I was really struggling
Bethany Shadid: Because at the time I didn't know about my dyslexia. My add something was wrong with me.
Bethany Shadid: And my grandfather just died. Anyway, all that I really put a lot longer.
Bethany Shadid: And she ended up
Bethany Shadid: inviting me to lunch.
Bethany Shadid: He told me that it was too much.
Bethany Shadid: And that she needed to
Bethany Shadid: Do her own thing.
Bethany Shadid: And so she left it moved away to Virginia
Bethany Shadid: And I would do a really, really.
Bethany Shadid: dark place.
Bethany Shadid: I don't get got out of it for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you took it that you were too much, even though
Gwenevere Abriel: It was about the cheat found the job too much.
Bethany Shadid: Though she felt need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear anything. I didn't hear words with that's the case. So I want to watch
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I was
Bethany Shadid: In it, we've since then talked really
Bethany Shadid: Gotten through this, but it was it was a lot easier for me to focus on her issues that it was like old at the time.
Bethany Shadid: And so I would
Bethany Shadid: Point things out to her a lot
Bethany Shadid: That's how it was dealing with it.
Bethany Shadid: But at the end, she told me that her. She had talked to her sisters and stuff and
Bethany Shadid: You know, they told her that beat around to be was really toxic and that
Bethany Shadid: She could it
Bethany Shadid: could continue that way.
Bethany Shadid: If honestly i i get your day and you know the way that I was but
Bethany Shadid: These insecurities, you know, somebody leaving it
Bethany Shadid: I did that really
Bethany Shadid: Looking back at that moment in my life. It makes a lot worse. It's why
Bethany Shadid: It was so difficult for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is we don't have enough time in this session to go into what you just said about
Gwenevere Abriel: That part
Gwenevere Abriel: Because here's what I've just heard you were behaving as if you were your dad telling other people how to live their life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And someone else could call it toxic and you're coming away with this thinking that was you
Gwenevere Abriel: That wasn't you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was you. Dealing that was you hustling. It was not authentic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rejected the very thing that you find toxic you do to your mother and father happened just they just haven't found their way
Gwenevere Abriel: It is it's toxic to you to be around someone who only is looking at the deficit in whatever your plan is or action or anything. It is toxic.
Bethany Shadid: Remember, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She picked up on that that wasn't you. Anyway, that was a game, you were running an old it's your dad that once your dad's game and it is too much. Some of it. If someone else you want to know my advice. You're gonna go for it because I'm not going to dish it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't like it.
Bethany Shadid: He didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it, but that wasn't you is that you are you this first. Are you a know it all. You really know the best advice for everyone is that you
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What it felt good.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be in control. You know how her life is going to go. Meanwhile inside
Gwenevere Abriel: Chaos Harding and sorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can avoid that while controlling her whatever lots of different pop psychology ways to come at this, but that wasn't you.
Gwenevere Abriel: She didn't reject you.
Bethany Shadid: But I think, yeah, no, I do because we're still good friends to this day. And I'm like, she knows. And I know that that was a very difficult time in my life. But I don't think I ever
Bethany Shadid: connected it to be like my dad before
Bethany Shadid: But yeah, I think the fear of losing or being rejected because of being yourself or believing that that's what was happening was so difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life. It's the theme of our discussion which has to do with you won't be believed, you need to be understood you you want this validation and you have had
Gwenevere Abriel: A terribly invalidating environment and not only developmentally but when you told that you had this happen. You weren't believed
Gwenevere Abriel: And so now it's this constant. Now it's just going to be the emotional part which is I might saw them cry inside and cry and and it'll be too much, maybe for going to be or something. It won't be and
Gwenevere Abriel: I happen to know that it won't be too much for you either
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the bigger piece I can hold it. I can hold it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to say to you, oh you is just, it's too much. It's it won't happen.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Knew the piece about you being able to know that you can dip in
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it won't last forever, that you can dip into the sorrow and you can come out, because in here. We can have those reminders of do we want to use the container. Let's do some work in in in the anchor room. Let's weave in some positive imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got each other's back here and I'm going to say Hat Hey, what's that number. If you tell me you're at 90 we're going to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to just spend time reconnecting
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't an all or nothing. It's not just control avoidance. It's not just your the client and I'm the therapist, and I know better. Nope. You do know you know when it's too much and you're going to tell me, I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm starting to space out I didn't hear the last couple works. You said when
Gwenevere Abriel: I just missed out
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you'll tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I might catch it. I might say you just because your face does do this you'll drift off a little bit, and then maybe maybe that'll more sign, you'll say, you know what, when you do that, I noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm starting to space out I'm leaving a little bit that could be our sign and then I'm informed and then I can be more helpful.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, yeah. Okay, girls like a baby does
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: To
Bethany Shadid: Stop the stimulus, they turn real quick and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take these last couple minutes. My next point isn't here yet. But I want to just take whatever is left over that you don't want to process this week. Don't want to, let's put it in the container and whatever you want some distance from
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's put it on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But distancing metaphor and lets you and I stay stay on the shoreline stay grounded with the Holy Trinity. Let's say they're
Bethany Shadid: Willing to turn
Gwenevere Abriel: A lantern. That's it. I felt manner.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get in touch with that imagery of being there, being cradled right in that, that felt sense
Gwenevere Abriel: Of unconditional love safety nurturing and wisdom being held in
Gwenevere Abriel: That perfect
Gwenevere Abriel: Experience of love nurturing safety wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling it on your skin, even those rays of light coming through.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want some distance from what you want to put in that lantern and having it sort of float away.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Put this piece of my frame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: That's it wasn't exactly what I thought it was
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's name that let's put even more concrete.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like I'm going to say some words and you give it a better label like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm putting in the fraud, the phony
Gwenevere Abriel: The projection
Gwenevere Abriel: The compensation, the insecurity, the control freak right people pleaser. The six or the rescue or the hero. I'm going to put that in the Lancers, so those are one of yours words. What do you want to put on your let's give it a name and say goodbye.
Bethany Shadid: Where to put the
Bethany Shadid: Miss interpretation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
So,
Bethany Shadid: Torture.
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving away my client just got here. So, but I but don't go anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be gentle. Be gentle
Gwenevere Abriel: We humans are not quite like that we're not an on and off switch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of get into
Gwenevere Abriel: How you want to leave this session and still have it be a gentle closure, even though
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't in there, isn't this extra time. You did, you did so much today.
Gwenevere Abriel: We did so much so honor that. Just get in touch with that imagery and just sort of right
Gwenevere Abriel: Interpretation.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the other word you used,
Bethany Shadid: torture myself so
Bethany Shadid: Torture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're staying here. Are you in contact with the Holy Trinity here on
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Do you want to text me about meeting next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, why don't we see if we can put something together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do 12 actually on Monday. If you can, that it's a nice quick turnaround.
Bethany Shadid: Sure. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll see you
Bethany Shadid: Alright, sounds good. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Lauren Anderson: Hi.
Lauren Anderson: Let me see. It's always a different way that it works. So there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I ask a favor that we log out and come right back. I've got a separate these videos zoom room video chunks into different meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we both log out. Like, you don't have to wait like log out and like log right back in.
Lauren Anderson: You mean just leave and then dial your number again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back.
In a minute.